Thứ nhất: Tạo thói quen xấu cho người những người tham gia bằng cách quảng cáo nhiều thứ mà họ có thể quả đạt được mà không cần làm gì 
Ngoài những tác hại chính nói trên, còn rất nhiều tác hại khác của kinh doanh đa cấp, ví dụ như nó làm kiệt quệ sức dân trong tầng lớp dân nghèo, góp phần đẩy mạnh sự bần cùng hóa trong một bộ phận người dân.
Thứ 2: người tiêu dùng mua phải hàng kém chất lượng. Vì người bán chỉ đua nhau về doanh số chứ ko chú trọng chất lượng sp.
Thứ 3: Doanh nghiệp khó có thể kiểm soát hoạt động kinh doanh. Vì người bán đa cấp tăng nhanh...

As we known, The multi-level marketing field is growing and lead to many 
companies has been built in around the world such: AmyWay, Avon, etc …  . 
In Vietnam this business model is very developing. Besides, In Vietnam this business model has been changed from the business model origin.Today I want to present some reasons that I think Government should ban this business model in VietNam 

First, This business model in VietNam can create bad habit for users who joining in this model. For Instance, I used to be invited 
to event talk show which presenting about "How to earn easy money ?" and they talk a lot of things "No works you still earn Money" is one of things. They commit that The people join in this model will earn billion money without having to do anything 

Second, The multi-level model is focused on quality of products But In VietNam, this problem is not overly concerned in here, so quality of products often very low. For Example, i used to buy a product of "Sen Viet" multi-level company, but it have quality lower than when they marketed

Finally, With increasing of the multi-level company, Government will be diffcult to manage these companies. For Example, today more and more multi-level companies is rising, Besise, The ghost companies appeared. "Sen Vang" is multi-level company which have take billion money of thousand people. But Now Government has been get back money for people who joining in this company 

In conclusion with some reasons that I presented above, i think Government should ban this business model quickly 

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Ý tưởng 
- 1: Chăm sóc con cái về mặt tinh thần, hiểu được những thứ con cái muốn, và đặt mục tiêu thực tế phù hợp với khả năng con cái mình

- 2: Tăng thêm kiến thức (resources) trong việc giáo dục thông qua films, books, and information

- 3: Quan tâm đến những người xung quanh chúng ta và giúp đỡ họ 

As we know, The problem that people is concerned in recent years, That is "How to prevent child abuse ?", Today with my opinion, I would like to present some solutions to solve this problem 

First, Be a good parent who will take good care of child, you need to tell them that they are special. Let them follow their dreams, you are a parent you need to know grows, mind and ability of what your child can and cannot do. For Example, Nowadays too many parents who perssured on child, they want their child should be achived many awards, so Today Having a lot of student is very stress and suicial

Sencond, 
 








